.github/pull_request_template.md, before:

# Description

Please include a summary of the change and which issue is fixed. Please also include relevant motivation and context. List any dependencies that are required for this change.

Fixes # (issue)

## Type of change

Please delete options that are not relevant.

- [x] New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)

# How Has This Been Tested?

Please test in all major browsers.

- [ ] Chrome Latest
- [ ] Edge Latest
- [ ] Firefox Latest
- [ ] Safari Latest
- [ ] Mobile Safari
- [ ] Mobile Chrome

# Checklist:

- [x] My code follows the style guidelines of this project
- [ ] I have performed a self-review of my own code
- [ ] I have commented my code, particularly in hard-to-understand areas
- [ ] I have made corresponding changes to the documentation
- [ ] My changes generate no new warnings

# Challenge Checklist

- [ ] The animation plays through frames 1 to 100
- [ ] The page layout matches the design at 1440px, 768px, and 375px
- [ ] Clicking the button takes the user to the cards section
- [ ] Extra Credit: The hero section remains pinned for 4 full scrolls
- [ ] Extra Credit: The animation is synced to the scroll position

Commit message:

Add setters, and getters for animation class, more comments, and a summary

.github/pull_request_template.md, after:

# Description

- Uses proper responsive styling for 1440px, 768px, and 375px
- Event listeners are initialized in app.js, Used to pass the scroll position and set the animation container dimensions used in the animation class
- Animation class handles turning the sequence of images into an animation
- Uses [anime.js](https://animejs.com/documentation/) to handle keyframe sequencing and updating the DOM accordingly through a callback function
- Star is actually a unicode character


# Bugs/Improvements
- We should subtract the height of the image from the bottom of the animation container when calculating the multiplier so we see the full last image as we scroll past the bottom of the container. Currently, we only see the bottom of the last image in the sequence since we're so far scrolled past. Important for small, wide screen sizes
- Grid Row/Column-gap is breaking on Firefox for the grid card section
- Sass imports are broken for some reason, sorry!
- Should throttle setAnimationContainerDimensions() since it's being called onResize

Fixes # (issue)

## Type of change

Please delete options that are not relevant.

- [x] New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)

# How Has This Been Tested?

Please test in all major browsers.

- [x] Chrome Latest
- [x] Edge Latest
- [x] Firefox Latest
- [ ] Safari Latest
- [ ] Mobile Safari
- [x] Mobile Chrome

# Checklist:

- [x] My code follows the style guidelines of this project
- [x] I have performed a self-review of my own code
- [x] I have commented my code, particularly in hard-to-understand areas
- [x] I have made corresponding changes to the documentation
- [x] My changes generate no new warnings

# Challenge Checklist

- [x] The animation plays through frames 1 to 100
- [x] The page layout matches the design at 1440px, 768px, and 375px
- [x] Clicking the button takes the user to the cards section
- [x] Extra Credit: The hero section remains pinned for 4 full scrolls
- [x] Extra Credit: The animation is synced to the scroll position
